The Talent Contest: A Cautionary Tale by Jackson Overfield

Once upon a time, There were five beautiful, snobby, fashionable, pretty, spoiled, and mean teenage school girls.

Emily Fischer, the blonde-haired leader, wore red and black,

Brittany O'Connor, the curly-black-haired African-American second-in-command, wore green and white,

Heather Field, the orange-haired meanest of the group, wore purple and violet,

Megan Houston, the black-haired forgotten one, wore yellow and black,

and Karen Hayworth, the brown-haired Hispanic quiet one, wore blue and white.

One day, the girls were sitting around in high school, talking about the upcoming talent contest. "These are the entry forms for the school talent contest", said Emily. "I thought this was a pageant.", said Heather. "Well no it isn't.", replied Emily. "All of you please fill out your entry forms, and soon, we will be attending the talent show.", she said.

While the girls were filling out their entry forms, a crazy boy walked to them. "Hi, girls!", he said, "I heard that you are the worst girls in this school, Well, I got a little present for you!". "And what is it?", said Emily, And then the boy threw pies on the girls' faces. SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! and SPLAT! The girls did not like it. "Aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh! Ew!", they all exclaimed. They were angry at the boy for what he has done to them. "How could you?", said Emily, "Gotch-ya, Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!', said the boy. "That's it!", said Emily, "I'm reporting you to the principal right now stupid boy!".

Emily and the four other girls reported the incident to the principal, and the principal said screaming "The boy and you girls are all expelled for nonsense! Get out of here right now before I will call the police!", he yelled. And the girls left the school and the boy got sent to detention.

The girls were sitting on a bench near the school building. "Oh, that stupid boy," said Brittany, "I cannot believe what he just did to us." "I know,", replied Emily, "But anyway, what should we do in the talent contest? Think girls, Think!" The girls just stood there and were trying to think about what they should do in the talent contest. "Ooh! I have an idea!", Emily announced. Brittany said, "What? What? What?" Emily replied, "How about we wear men's clothing to the talent contest." "Like what?", said Heather, "TUXEDOS!", she yelled. "What? Those are for men only.", replied Brittany, "No," said Emily, "Tuxedos are also for women too, You know, Marlene Dietrich, Helene Fischer, Anne Hathaway, they all wore one. Even the French fashion designer Yves Saint Laurent invented a women's tuxedo. And if we wear tuxes, We will be able to win the contest in no time!" "No way!", said Heather, "Well, what are we waiting for?" The girls shouted "LET'S DO THIS!"

The next day, The girls were sitting in the classroom learning about Queen Victoria, until suddenly, a man, who appears to be the talent contest's host, came in the door. "Hi, I'm Mr. Frontman, and I am here to congratulate five girls for entering the contest!", he said. "Hello, What do you need from me?", said the girls' teacher, the man replied, "I'm here to select the five lucky and pretty girls who will be part of the upcoming talent contest, which is tommorow!" He was about to say the names of the girls with a drum roll. "First up we have, Ms. Emily Fischer, Ms. Brittany O'Connor, Ms. Heather Field, Ms. Megan Houston, and finally, Ms. Karen Hayworth!" The girls shouted, "YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY!" The class stood quiet for just a moment.

The school bell rang and the girls stood against their lockers. "We did it, girls! We're going to win!", Emily said. "And when people see us wearing our tuxedos, They won't know that we're men! We're not men, were women I tell you! The tuxes will look very sexy on us! Ooh!" Megan said, "None of this makes any sense! I don't want to wear a tuxedo!" Emily said to her,"Well you have to wear one and that's final!" "Hey! Don't shout at Megan!", Brittany said to Emily. "Sorry!", replied Emily, "She just doesn't want to participate even though she has to!" Then, the principal showed up to the girls, walking across the halls until he stopped at the girls. "Tommorow's the big day, girls! Your moms have bought your five female tuxedos from the Little Black Tux website, and you have to wear them. Because if you don't, LION ATTACK!!!", The girls screamed, "Aaaaaaahhhhh! Lion attack? No! Anything but that! I don't wanna get hurt by a zoo lion!", said Heather, "Hey! Hey! Calm down, Heather! No lion is going to attack us in the talent contest! It ain't no circus, OK?". The principal continued to speak, "When you girls get home, you must give the tuxes a try. And you must look handsome, sharp, stylish, fashionable, and dapper for the talent show, OK?" "We promise!", said the five girls altogether, and then the principal left.

The next morning, the girls went to the school with their tuxedos that their mothers gave them from the website, went to the school changing room, and changed into their tuxes. Emily was excited, Brittany was too, Heather was so proud of herself, but Megan and Karen were worried. "Alright girls, Let's put on our tuxedos so we can come out on stage.", said Emily, "I'm excited too!", Brittany said, "So am I! I can't wait to be the sharpest girl ever!", said Heather, but Megan and Karen said together, "We are not putting these on! We already told you, these are for men only, we're going home!". "Nope,", said Emily, "Stay here! You were recruited to join the talent contest along with me, Brittany, and Heather, OK? If you don't attend, We'll be in so much trouble and a zoo lion will attack all of us five!" "Oh, Oh, OK! We'll put the tuxes on!", replied Megan and Karen.

At the talent contest, after everyone had finished all of their acts, a gong hits two times, and then the girls comes out on stage with their tuxedos on. The man says, "Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you, Emily, Brittany, Heather, Megan, and Karen!" The girls, who all looked like five female penguins, finally showed up on stage. All the people in the audience were astonished. They thought that the girls we're stylish, fashionable, handsome, dapper, sharp, and beautiful in their tuxes. The girls stood their for one minute and did not say a single word. It was like a true fashion show. After one minute, Emily said, "Boy, don't we look so nice?", and Brittany said, "Yes, we do! Can't wait until my dad laughs at me like this!" And then the girls laughed altogether, like it was a comedy show.

The girls knew there was a better chance for them to win if they did this. The boy who threw the pies on their faces was also in the audience too, and the girls did not realize that at all. The boy yelled to the girls, "Hey look! Secret Agent Girls! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!", And then he started to sing at them, "Secret Agent Girls! Secret Agent Girls! They've given them a number, and they've taken away their names!" The whole entire audience laughed but not the man and the girls. "Hey! That wasn't funny," said Emily, "Yeah! Stop it or we will beat you up for a dollar!", said Brittany.

After that, the girls began to get their "Best Dressed" award, They didn't win the overall contest though. The man said, "Ladies and gentlemen, Because these five girls have dressed so nicely in their tuxedos, and that you guys have already seen them, It's time to give the girls the Best Dressed award!" The audience cheered and the girls were going to be given the award, but they unfortunately did not recieve the award for that category.

The girls started to get angry and started to make fun of the man for not giving them the award. They taunted him and teased him and beated him up and played tricks on him and hitted and slapped him and injured him and even threw a pie at his face. The boy who already threw the pies to the girls the other day liked it. And the man was angry at the boy and the girls. "Grrrrrrrrrrrrr.........How could you? That's it! You girls don't deserve a reward! You know what's going to happen? I am going to get out a box of penguins from Antartica, and you will be attacked by each and every evil penguin for what you have done to me!" The girls were worried.

The reason why the girls didn't win is because they were attacked by the penguins (who looked similar to the girls) while they were doing their act on stage. The penguins injured their faces, hands, arms, legs, bodies, and even their tuxes too! What a mess! "Stop it!", said Emily, "No! Not this! Anything but this! Now I'm gonna die!", said Brittany, "I knew something like this was going to happen!", said Heather, "Oh boy, here we go!", said Megan, "Ouch! Ouch! Ouch! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Oooooooooooooooowwww! That hurts! Stop it! Stop it! STOP IT! RIGHT NOW BEFORE I WILL..."

The audience were very shocked. The girls almost died. The girls, still in their tuxedos, were rushed to the hospital by five ambulances. Maybe someone knew they were mean and spoiled girls who played awful tricks on other people so someone played a trick right back on them, and that was the host.

At the hospital, the girls were injured, hurt, and painful, and the girls were sent to the hospital for 10 whole weeks until their injuries disappear. "Oh, Oh, What have we done? We should not have entered that talent contest in the first place.", said Emily. "I know", said Brittany, "The next time I wear a tux, I will only wear one to one of my relatives' wedding." "I can't breathe! I can't breathe! I can't move! I can't even touch myself or anyone else!", said Heather. "Well, That's that! The talent contest is finally over thank goodness!", said Megan, "Ooooooh, Ho, Ho, Ho, Ho, Ho, I'm so dead!", said Karen groaning.

Ten weeks later, the girls were glad to be back to their normal selves, they will never wear tuxedos or enter anymore talent contests ever again! The girls are happy to be back at high school but they are still mean and spoiled! Don't you think?

The End!